[DOCS] Bulk edit rules updates (rule schedules, actions) (#2567)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/rules-ui-manage.asciidoc

* Bulk edit multiple rules: Select the rules you want to edit, then select an action from the *Bulk actions* menu:
** *Index patterns*: Add or delete the index patterns used by all selected rules.
** *Tags*: Add or delete tags on all selected rules.

> ** *Add rule actions*: Add <<rule-notifications,notification actions>> on all selected rules.

Reviewer: Should we note that `Add rule actions` can be applied to prebuilt rules as well?

Looking at this note above the list of bulk edit, it might be a bit confusing, in which cases action will affect prebuilt rules, in which not.

<img width="924" alt="Screenshot 2022-10-13 at 16 03 44" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/92328789/195634229-2efa7026-01b0-459f-b87a-b1d1b24c1a6c.png">

> If you try to bulk edit with both prebuilt and custom rules selected, the action will affect only custom rules.

Also, it looks like this note doesn't reflect[ appearance of modal window,](https://github.com/elastic/kibana/issues/124918#issuecomment-1199146225), which happens when user selects both custom and prebuilt rules. And can decide which action to take: edit only custom rules OR cancel action at all

Author: Thanks @vitaliidm! I agree, that note isn't quite accurate, so I revised it:

> If you try to bulk edit with both prebuilt and custom rules selected, the action will affect only the rules that can be modified.

The modal's UI text already does a good job of explaining the situation and what options the user has, so I don't think it's necessary to comment any further in docs; there isn't much more we could say, so we'd probably just be repeating what the UI said.

+

> NOTE: The action frequency you select is applied to all actions (both new and existing) on all selected rules. If you don't want to change the frequency of existing actions, update the rules separately.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: The action frequency you select applies to all actions (both new and existing) on all selected rules. If you don't want to change the frequency of existing actions, update the rules separately.
```
